Network Optimization: in this project, I built two network optimization models for two problem statements. I built the first model to determine how many cars to be shipped from three production plants to two distribution centers to minimize total shipping costs, and I built the second model to determine how many solar powered air conditioning systems should be produced each month to minimize total unit cost. The detailed description of the two problem statements and my solution (that includes six-step model building process) are included in the PDF file, along with my Excel file that shows how I solve the equations of my model with Excel Solver. 

Discrete Optimization: in this group project, I was in charge of building mixed binary integer programming model to find the optimal plan of study for a graduate student (i.e. how many courses to take for each semester to finalize thesis project), balancing life and school, and creating a thesis project of the highest level. I was also in charge of formatting the written solution (that includes my six-step model building process), explaning my model to my teammates, and helping my teammates finalize our written report. The detailed description of the problem statement and my solution are included in the PDF file, along with my Excel file that shows how I solve the equations of my model with Excel Solver. 

Nonlinear Optimization: in this group project, I was in charge of building nonlinear optimization model to find the optimal production, inventory, and subcontracting plan (how many solar panels produced per quarter) to satisfy the demand for the next 4 quarters that I predicted in part b of the problem statemment by building a regression model. I was also in charge of explaning my model to my teammates and helping my teammates finalize our written report. The detailed description of the problem statement and my solution (that includes our six-step model building process, we split up tasks to take care of the six-step process) are included in the two PDF files, along with my Excel file that shows how I solve the equations of my model with Excel Solver. 

Queueing Model: in this project, I analyzed the queueing systems of a hospital before COVID, after COVID, and after Mask Mandate by utilizing queueing model (M/M/s model template) to determine how the system performs under the three aforementioned scenarios, and made recommendations that I believe to be the optimal course of actions that meet the criteria. The detailed description of the problem statement along with my solution (which is the analysis of the system performance under three scenarios and recommendations) can be found in the Excel spreadsheet. 

Simulation Model: in this extra credit project, I built three simulation models for three problem statements (Freddie, Maintenance, and Herr Cutter) to analyze system performance under uncertainty and compute the confidence interval to find the range of the measure of performance. 
• For the Freddie problem, I simulated the system to find out how the newspaper order quantity will affect the daily profit and what would be the range of profit that Freddie is expected to generate. 
• For the Maintenance problem, I simulated the system to find out the average cost per day for two random events (before and after the machine breaks down) and the range of cost that Heavy Duty is expected to incur for replacing the motor 
• For the Herr Cutter problem, I simulated the system to find out the average waiting time in the queue to get haircut and the range of waiting time in the queue that customers are expected to wait. The two random events in this problem are interarrival and service time. The detailed description of the three problem statements along with my solution for the three problems can be found in the Excel spreadsheet. 
